docs/registrar/Website.adoc, before:

# TODO: I am shit at overviews

== Overview

The website will be required to do a lot of the heavy lifting such as data encoding
and gas estimation because it seems inviable to do so from within the contracts.
Similar to any other front end it will need to present options to the user for
managing their workflows.

== Requirements

. The user should be able to create a new workflow
.. The user should be able to add a function with its parameters
... The user should be able to add as many functions as they want
.. The user should be able to select the order of the functions within the workflow
.. The user should be able to save the workflow
... The workflow must be saved with a unique name human readable name

. The user should be able view all of their workflows

. The user should be able to edit a workflow
.. The associated name of the workflow
.. The functions and their arguments
.. The order of the functions

. The user should be able to delete a workflow

. The user should be able to associate a workflow with a contract address in the
service registry

. The user should be able to remove the association between a workflow and contract

. The user should be able to edit the association to change either the workflow
or the contract

. When a workflow is created or edited the workflow ID should be created/edited
accordingly via the website

. Changing the name of the workflow does not affect its workflow ID


== Possible future features?

. The user should be able to lock a workflow

. The user should be able to remove the lock from the workflow

. The user should be able to delete all workflows that are not locked

. The user should be able to reorder the workflows in the UI instead of having
a predefined order

. The user should be able to associate a workflow with a time for the scheduler

. The user should be able to remove a workflow from the scheduler

. The user should be able to edit the time for a workflow in the scheduler

Commit message:

Expanding on docs, images + structure

docs/registrar/Website.adoc, after:

== Overview

The website should be a portal bridging the contracts and the user.

== Requirements

Note that the images are for visual purposes only to convey the idea.

. A user should be able to sign up with their wallet address

. A user should be able to sign into their system by connecting their wallet

. When signed in the user should be able to
.. View all of their workflows

image::./Images/Website/view_workflows.png[Viewing workflows]

.. The user should be able to create a new workflow
... The user should be able to add a function with its data types
.... Workflow consists of 1 or more function with data types
... The user should be able to select the order of the functions within the workflow
... The user should be able to save the workflow
... The workflow must be saved with a unique human readable name

image::./Images/Website/example_workflow.png[Example workflow]

. The user should be able to edit a workflow
.. The associated name of the workflow
.. The functions and their arguments
.. The order of the functions

image::./Images/Website/example_workflow_edited.png[Example of an edited workflow]

. The user should be able to delete a workflow

image::./Images/Website/view_workflows_edited.png[Viewing workflows after a deletion]

. The user should be able to associate a workflow with a contract address in the
service registry

. The user should be able to remove the association between a workflow and contract

. The user should be able to edit the association to change either the workflow
or the contract

. When a workflow is created or edited the workflow ID should be created/edited
accordingly via the website

. Changing the name of the workflow does not affect its workflow ID

. Gas estimation of workflow execution


== Possible future features?

. The user should be able to lock a workflow

. The user should be able to remove the lock from the workflow

. The user should be able to delete all workflows that are not locked

. The user should be able to reorder the workflows in the UI instead of having
a predefined order

. The user should be able to associate a workflow with a time for the scheduler

. The user should be able to remove a workflow from the scheduler

. The user should be able to edit the time for a workflow in the scheduler
